

Rcl57mcu is based substantially (and by "substantially", I mean "almost
entirely") on Rcl57 written by Jeff Parsons, which was released under the
following MIT license:

"MIT License

PCjs is free/open source software released under this MIT license.  PCjs
software includes the PCjs repository <https://github.com/jeffpar/pcjs>
and website <https://www.pcjs.org>, excluding all programs, images and
documentation produced by other parties and which have been included in PCjs
solely for archival/demonstration purposes.

Copyright (c) 2012-2024 Jeff Parsons

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE."


The few software files that I created are: main.c, mux57.c, mux57.h, and 
rcl57mcu.h. These are included in the github repository found here:
<https://github.com/tomcircuit/rcl57mcu>. I release these files under the 
same license terms as those under which Rcl57 was released:

MIT License

Rcl57mcu is free/open source software released under this MIT license.  The
software includes files written by me found in this repository:
<https://github.com/tomcircuit/rcl57mcu> This license does not apply to 
any programs, images and documentation produced by other parties which have 
been included as part of Rcl57mcu in the course of porting it to an embedded
microcontroller platform. These items remain the property of the individual 
copyright holders. 

Copyright (c) 2024 Tom LeMense

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
